Summarize that by month and customer.
Select only those from this year.
Filter for IsRetail ones.
Select only those that are with us at least half a year.
Remove those who were acquired in the last 3 months.
Keep only records from 2020.
Keep only those with some amount during last month.
Delete those that did not have any amount this year.
Create a summary by region.
Show me the results.
Create a summary by region and week.

Select customer, region and branch.
Select columns customer, region and branch.
Select cols customer, region and branch.
Select only customer, region and branch.
Select only the columns customer, region and branch.
Select only the cols customer, region and branch.
Select customer, region and branch columns.
Select customer, region columns only.
Select the customer and region columns only.
Select the customer column and the region column.

Remove customer, region and branch.
Remove columns customer, region and branch.
Remove cols customer, region and branch.
Keep only customer, region and branch.
Keep only the columns customer, region and branch.
Take only the cols customer, region and branch.
Delete customer, region and branch columns.
Keep customer, region columns only.
Take the customer and region columns only.
Remove the customer column and the region column.


Summarize by region, get me average of sales_volume.
Create an evolution of weekly sales_volume by region.

Filter for region equal to 6.
Region is Colorado.
Take Colorado only.

Select region equal to Colorado.
Take only California.

Select transaction bigger than three thousand dollars.
Take only transaction higher than two hundred.
Filter for amount higher than three hundred.

Group that by region and product_type
Summarize by region and product_type.

Sum the amount grouping by region and product_type.
Give me the sum and the average of the amount by region and product_type.

Select only client_type and transaction.
Select branch, region and transaction and amount.

Select branch, region and an average of amount.
Select branch, region and sum of amount.

Select all rows of a customer four four five three zero seven.
Select all records of a customer 445307.

Select transaction higher than 60000.
Select only records from last week.

