Select Sales.
Summarize that by month and customer.
Select only those from this year.
Add customers.
Filter for retail ones.
Select only those that are with us at least half a year.
Remove those who were acquired in the last 3 months.
Keep only clients from 2020.
Join customers to sales.
Keep only those with some sales during last month.
Delete those that did not have any sales this year.
Create a summary by region.
Show me the results.

Use yesterday's sales.
Take only top affluent clients.
Summarize by region, get me average of sales volumes.
Create an evolution of weekly sales numbers for small businesses by region.

Filter for loan products.
Select only credit card sales.

Select region equal to Colorado.
Take only California customers.

Select transactions bigger than three thousand dollars.
Take only transactions higher than two hundred.
Filter for amount higher than three hundred.

Group that by region and type of product.
Summarize by region and type of product.

Sum the amount grouping by region and type of product.
Give me the sum and the average of the amount by region and product type.

Add the organizational structure and select branches having more than 3000 clients.

Select only client type and transaction amount.
Select branch, region and transaction amount.

Select branch, region and an average of transaction amount.
Select branch, region and sum of transaction amount.

Select all transactions of a customer four four five three zero seven.

Add the SME clients.

Select the SME clients and run it again.

Run it again for SMEs.

Select transactions higher than 60000.
Select only branch transactions.
Select last month's transactions.
Select only transactions from last week.
Select active transactions.
Select payment transactions higher than 30000.
Select credit card transactions.

Take only those where client has more than 3 products.
Select only clients having more than 5 products.
Select only those clients that have more than 4 products.
Select only clients that have more than 5 payment transactions.
Select only clients with more than 5 payments during last month.
Take only customers that made more than 5.000 USD payments last month.

Join this to products filtered by product type equal to Loan.
Join this to loan products.
Join this to products.
Select loans only.

